Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/constraint_validation/index.md

#### :required and :optional CSS pseudo-classes

> The {{cssxref(':required')}} and {{cssxref(':optional')}} [pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) allow writing selectors that match form elements that have the [`required`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#required) attribute, or that don't have it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{cssxref(':required')}} and {{cssxref(':optional')}} [pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) allow writing selectors that match form elements that have the [`required`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#required) attribute, or that don't have it.
```
